OSDOCS-6962_RN#adding release note (#86899)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-installation-and-update_{context}"]
=== Installation and update

> [id="ocp-4.18-installation-and-update-ovn-kubernetes-join-subnet_{context}"]

Reviewer: No `.`s in IDs:
```suggestion
[id="ocp-4-18-installation-and-update-ovn-kubernetes-join-subnet_{context}"]
```

> ==== Install-time configuration for the `ovn-kubernetes` join subnet feature is enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Configuring the ovn-kubernetes join subnet during cluster installation
```

OR

```suggestion
==== Configuring the IPV4 join subnet during cluster installation
```

Instead of "Install-time" I think "during cluster installation" is clearer.

> ==== Bring your own IPv4 (BYOIP) join subnet feature is enabled on `ovn-kubernetes` for Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)

Reviewer 3: Searching the existing document, `BYOIP` refers to _Bring your own public IPv4 addresses_ [1], which is for publicIpv4Pool field, but internalJoinSubnet uses internal/private addresses, I think we can update the title like _Add support to configure IPv4 subnet to customize internal OVN network_ to reduce the confusion. 

@patrickdillon do you have any idea about the title?

[1] https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.html

Reviewer 4: Maybe something like

Install-time configuration for the `ovn-kubernetes` join subnet is now enabled

> With this release, you can configure the IPv4 join subnet that is used internally by `ovn-kubernetes` in a Bring your own (BYO) Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). You can set the `OVNKubernetesConfig` parameter in the `install-config.yaml` file and deploy the cluster into an existing VPC.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
With this release, you can configure the IPv4 join subnet that is used internally by `ovn-kubernetes` when installing a cluster into an existing Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). You can set the `internalJoinSubnet` parameter in the `install-config.yaml` file and deploy the cluster into an existing VPC.
```

> With this release, you can configure the IPv4 join subnet that is used internally by `ovn-kubernetes` when installing a cluster into an existing Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). You can set the `internalJoinSubnet` parameter in the `install-config.yaml` file and deploy the cluster into an existing VPC.

Reviewer 3: This feature is not limited to BYO-VPC:
```suggestion
With this release, you can configure the IPv4 join subnet that is used internally by `ovn-kubernetes` when installing a cluster. You can set the `internalJoinSubnet` parameter in the `install-config.yaml` file and deploy the cluster into an existing VPC.
```

Reviewer 4: +1 it is not limited to byo-vpc. That said, byo vpc is the primary use case. Suggested changes look good.
